Put Transformers on Conda (#8918)
huggingface/transformers: README.md

## Installation

### With pip

This repository is tested on Python 3.6+, PyTorch 1.0.0+ (PyTorch 1.3.1+ for [examples](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/master/examples)) and TensorFlow 2.0.

You should install 🤗 Transformers in a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html). If you're unfamiliar with Python virtual environments, check out the [user guide](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/).

First, create a virtual environment with the version of Python you're going to use and activate it.

> Then, you will need to install at least one of TensorFlow 2.0, PyTorch or Flax.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the flax installation page too: https://github.com/google/flax#quick-install

If you'd like to play with the examples, you must [install the library from source](https://huggingface.co/transformers/installation.html#installing-from-source).

### With conda

Since Transformers version v4.0.0, we now have a conda channel: `huggingface`.

🤗 Transformers can be installed using conda as follows:

```shell script
conda install -c huggingface transformers
```

> TensorFlow, PyTorch or Flax should be installed from their respective conda channels. 

Reviewer: Flax is not on conda, Tensorflow isn't really either. 
```suggestion
Follow the installation pages of TensorFlow, PyTorch or Flax to see how to install them with conda. 
```
